modified CNAME record information (#664)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-O365ITPro: Office365-Admin/dns/create-dns-records-at-google-domains.md

    
    ![Click Save](../media/bf496d01-ccbe-4800-95f4-7b2283f2e5f6.png)
  
## Add the five CNAME records that are required for Office 365

> <a name="BKMK_add_CNAME"> </a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 1. To get started, go to your domains page at Google Domains by using [this link](https://domains.google.com/registrar). You'll be prompted to sign in. To do so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To get started, go to your [Google Domains page] (https://domains.google.com/registrar) and sign in.
```

Reviewer: I think the substeps steps 1and 2 under step one are unnecessary, Suggest step one is simply: "To get started, go to your Google Domains page and sign in."

    
    ![Click Add](../media/4a78080a-e0b2-4582-9696-3fe4fea41e91.png)
  
5. Add the other four CNAME records.
    
    In the **Custom resource records** section, create a record by using the values from the next row in the table, and then again choose **Add** to complete that record. 
    

>     Repeat this process until you have created all required CNAME records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Repeat this process until you have created all of the five required CNAME records.
```

    
## Add a TXT record for SPF to help prevent email spam

> <a name="BKMK_add_TXT"> </a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> <a name="BKMK_add_TXT"> </a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
